Miscellaneous CQA changes for Disconnected Installation (#4979)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_installing-from-the-offline-repositories.adoc

Reviewer: Prerequisites shouldn't include commands. Perhaps we should move them to procedure steps?

.Procedure

> . Mount the ISO images for {RHELServer} and {ProjectName}:

Reviewer: The following command doesn't do the mounting.

```suggestion
. Ensure that the ISO images for {RHELServer} and {ProjectName} are mounted:
```
